I recently filmed the majesty 110 from
golf draft there's a fantastic boat and
they said why don't you come and do our
140 we've put it in Monaco and this is
it and this really is magnificent so
going to a full tour on this one into
every area crew areas engine areas
garage the lot and we're going to start
here now if you haven't seen the other
film I'll explain this briefly this is a
transformer it makes it a very easy way
to get on and off the boat and this will
raise and lower so if you want to get
onto a higher key you can do these steps
raise up with it or you can drop it down
into the water and it gives you great
access into the water and the first
thing we come to on this boat is this
magnificent beach club area just here
that's a really lovely area and and then
we have the steps here and then this
will take us up to the cockpit worth
mentioning while we're here this is a
model of the majesty 175 that's about
that's coming out I think in the year to
time so that's me what we're saying as
well they're really going places this
company so let's head on in big area
here and there are balconies on the
other side you can see that just here so
that will drop down flat and in
israelian to get in and there's another
one on the other side so that makes this
area absolutely huge and this door takes
us down to the engine room
and the garage we're going to do that
last we're going to start off with the
interior
now this is a really big area this is
about 55 square meters it's absolutely
gigantic for the size about by the
palace absolutely gigantic . that's
absolutely superb floor-to-ceiling
windows as well as yet a tremendous view
we're at the boat show in a minute so
we're a bit cheek by jowl with the other
boats but you can get the idea when this
is when this is a banger you've got a
fantastic view out just behind there's a
TV built in behind this mirror so you
can't see it when it's switched off but
when it switched on that shines through
there which gives you great area to
watch a bit of a film whatever you want
to do and it's dining up here for ten
people now that area over there takes
into the crew domain we're going to do
that last I think we're gonna head
forward I'm going to show you the guest
areas first of all so there's a little
touch thing here that power of the door
open and you'll notice that the lights
come on automatically as we come into
these areas you'll see it life out there
we go now there's a terrific lobby area
just here and and these are the stairs
that lead up to the upper deck and down
to more guests areas but we're going to
head on forward there's a day heads just
here
so some journalistic wants to use
facilities that's easy to get to but
ahead of this then is the master cabin
and the first thing greets us is this
lovely little office area just here and
there's a huge walk-in wardrobe over on
this side so masses of space masses of
storage but check this out what a great
cabin that is and so a balcony so you
have these big doors here you can slide
those open the balcony drops down flat
and then this makes a wonderful area we
can wander out sit out there for bit of
breakfast makes a wonderful private
little area that's really nice
another concealed TV is in here this is
more wardrobe space on this side and as
we head forward you see these lights
coming on automatically again there we
go and this is the bathroom literally
the bathrooms got the bath in love this
feature on the back wall all fully
illuminated that looks fantastic towards
itself is tucked in there along with the
b-day and then there's a big shower area
on this side and of course your sinks
towels and everything else this is a
massive area they're really good and you
can close this off from this cabin of
course if you want to even leave it open
as it is at the moment okay just going
back out through here better look at
that side balcony just here so you've
got this area all the time
but anything extend it by dropping that
balcony out as well excellent
okay let's head on back lots to cover on
this boat is a huge boat
and as we come back out here one thing
worth mentioning is essentially a secret
door I think it's yeah it's here so the
values into the true area which allows
the crew to access it area then directly
and they will converse get out through
the side door they can go into the main
saloon or up or down from here without
going directly to the guest areas will
you're down first of all and this takes
us down to the guest cabins
again all lighting up NASA as we
approach so there are two cabins here
these are singles as you can see and as
you'd expect these are fully ensuite and
again this should light up there we go
big rainfall shower and beautifully
appointed as you'd expect another rose
hidden TVs and as we've come back around
here this is pretty much identical so
twin cabin I love this little storage
areas like this they put in and again on
three and if we head this way this is
where the double cabins are located
there are bigger cabins and again huge
wardrobes just here
and very very nice on sweets lovely I
mean we are into a big yacht so you'd
expect it but these are the sort of
areas that you don't even get as master
cabins in what you might call normal
boats there's a dressing area here and
we will do the last wondrous of
completion so another double cabin just
their wardrobes
and the ensuite really nice
another thing worth mentioning actually
while we're down here is they've made
good use of the space for things like
storage so just here this is great area
for linen and that kind of stuff that
you'd want on this level so you're not
having to carry all up and down the
stairs all the time ok so we're back up
this stairwell and we're going to head
up then to the upper deck and we'll take
a look at that so we come right around
here head on around again and this will
bring us out on the upper deck so I
think what we'll do here is we will head
forward first of all and we'll take a
look at the bridge
so this is the bridge area one thing
worth mentioning is get past this is the
server space could this so call the
networking Internet servers hi-fi all
that kind of thing and that's all in
there where it can be got out it gives
you some idea of a level of complexity
that goes into the background of these
boats and that's stunning bridge this is
really nice I love the way they finished
it off with details like this sort of
like a world map on the ceiling it's
very classy and then of course will your
controls handheld VHF radios the main
radios for the boat throttles the
steering order screens all proper kit
and in fact also on this deck is the
captain's cabin so if we head back here
he gets this area so he's on call when
the boats underway on long passages and
he has a very nice cabin very well
catered for and that's if it's bet it's
on sweet
there's a really nice shower very good
okay
while we're at this end we were head on
round to the front I think so who
commanded here
these are winged stations so when you're
maneuvering the boat in close quarters
you can stand out here you've got
controls of your thrusters and your
throttles and so on and then you can
actually look down the side of the boat
and see exactly what you're doing with
it they're on both sides and then
there's a great social area out here on
the front that's huge
really nice wood working with these
tables and this beautiful teak and at
the front of the boat are a couple of
jet skis and they are lifted on and off
by this large crane so that just lifts
them out off and down what's quite handy
with its in fact of course is you can
launch things even Shuai and quite tight
confines as we are at the minute let's
get right to the front and take a look
back
so I think I mentioned before at the
Monaco Yacht Show at the moment on an
uncharacteristically cloudy day we do
have a beautiful yacht to look at so
we're not complaining okay let's head on
back and we'll take a look at the aft
areas of this upper deck and then we'll
head on up to the Sun Deck we'll get on
this side this time like you can walk
from here down the sides and down to the
back of the boat without going inside if
you want to that's what that area there
takes you down to but we're not going to
do that we're gonna back up head back
through this door into the wheelhouse
and take a look further aft in this area
now a couple of things to point out as
we go through here on this side there is
another day heads so if you're on this
level you need to be going up and down
stairs looking for the thirties there
right there and on the other side is
access to the bar for the crew so they
can then come into here
phryges at the back sink and this allows
them to serve at this a bidet straight
through here there's a lovely bar area
excellent okay
and then this is the upper saloon so
it's a little bit more informal than the
lower saloon lovely area to gather of an
evening have a drink at this bar or the
big TV is hidden in behind there and
this then takes us out through these
sliding doors to the upper aft deck
great little socializing area again
under the shade of this and another bath
outside masses of space everywhere on
this boat really good
and as you'll notice there is another
stairway over here that takes us up to
the sundeck let's go and check that out
so what do we have here we have at the
back of the boat massive hot tub really
good size
I notice there's a train up here and the
reason for the crane just lifts on to
here more jet skis if you want them you
could put a big five meter tender up
here if you wanted another tender there
is a tender in a garage also but it
allows this area to be very versatile
you can use it however you want you can
leave it just as Sun lounging areas as
we got at the minute put toys up here
but a tender up here your choice
I've head on forward
another thing worth mentioning is this
little fella here this is a nice little
waterfall just gently Cascades water
down into here very nice little feature
okay
darn the area up here now there are
opening sections you can see this one's
open if we head on forward you'll see
the other one is closed just to give you
the idea so depending on whether you got
bright sunshine or you want a bit of
shade you can adapt these areas to suit
and a terrific area here this is really
nice
and then from here of course we can look
down over the front of the baby
you do get impressionable signs up there
it's a big boat what else have we got
well on this slide there is storage so
things like canopies that kind of thing
can be put in here
and on the other side there is another
day heads so again if you're up on this
level you want to use the facilities
there right there and then finally of
course on this side of the bar area
Stein
very very nice okay let's head on back
down we're gonna go and check out the
crew areas the galley and we're gonna
finish off with a tender garage and the
engine space all of which is pretty
spectacular so I think what we'll do
this time is going to head down this one
rather than go back through the cabin
this will take us back down to the main
deck after cockpit and then we can go in
and forward from here
okay so we're back into the main saloon
it's pause and take another look because
it is just so dramatic this incidentally
won an award in the last couple of days
at one of the super your awards for its
interior design and I can see why
because it is stunning to look at really
lovely okay let's go back through here
so if we head over onto this side this
is then gonna take us into the crew
areas so I just give a little wave here
how's that door open
takes us into the pantry and there's a
side access door here so again the crew
when they come out of here can go
straight out and down the side of the
boat and out without having to go
through the guest areas but if you head
in through here we'll find the gummy
that is a spectacular area
very nicely done it is of course all
Miele equipment right the way through
over here as well and this is
refrigeration so you have fridges on
this side and that's a big freezer just
there and in this area for the truth
together but if we head on down this
then takes us down to the crew cabins
[Music]
and that is that little secret door that
takes you back out to service these
areas if you want to to go into the
master cabin or out and down that Lobby
to go up or down the stairs so that's
quite cunning okay let's jump on back
and head on down so down here we'd have
a three cabins and the crew are actually
using this boat in a minute so I'm just
going to show you the one they've all
got twin births and you can see here
they've all got masses of storage
there's a little desk in here as well
and of course these are ensuite so
there's a decent sized shower in here
and toilet and so on as I say there are
three of these there's one directly
opposite and then there's one up at the
head of the boat but they're all very
soon as of that one we'll say they are
in use of the minute the crew are on
this boat so we're just going to show
you the one on okay let's head on back
because we're gonna go and take in the
engineering spaces which are pretty
spectacular I think what we're gonna do
now is pop out to that secret door I'll
show you how this works so if we get
back up through here now we have access
straight out to the side decks we have
access up to the upper deck down to
serve as the guest rooms all without
going into the guest areas or we can go
straight back give this a little wave
and we're back into this main saloon
area so a lot of options okay we're
gonna head on back through here and the
access to the engineering areas the
garage and the engines are through this
door so let's head on down here this is
a pretty spectacular area actually
okay so this is both the garage and the
laundry so you have all the laundry
facilities across the back and then the
tender lives here and it has a side
opening door and so the idea is you pick
the tender up with this crane that's
mounted in the ceiling and that will
lift it out through that side access
drop it down into the water but it means
that this can be kept in here and
protected well it can be serviced looked
after and this matters a room to move
around it that's a really good garage
and masses of headroom as well and you
can see also the mechanism here for the
doorway there's some really serious
heavy-duty engineering going on in this
yacht and the engines as you've probably
guessed at behind me here
now these are a pair of MTU 2,600
horsepower engines both b16 they are
massive engines and they're giving this
yacht a top speed of around 20 knots
cruising at 16 knots but if you drop the
speed right back to 10 knots
you've got transatlantic range
she'll do about 4,000 miles
twin generators back here
and that's another way out the boat that
takes you back out into that beach club
area that we saw as we came on board a
lot more serious engineering as you can
see lot of plumbing electrical equipment
with a very very impressive space as you
expect all stunning Headroom
and that is another access out of this
area up through there so there are
various ways out of this area if ever
needed in an emergency situation
what an incredible space that is
awesome okay
let's come out of here
so we might put a shut there we go
head on back out
finish off in here I think so that is it
that is the majesty of 145 golf craft is
absolutely incredible super yacht very
pleased we had to show you that one
they've enjoyed that tour if you have to
give the thumbs up quickly if it helps a
paralytics if you haven't subscribed I
hope you consider doing so because
you've got some great sea of yachts
coming and I love shanties thanks very
much for watching take care bye bye
you